Updates README.md to warn user about the workdir to use in Windows (#285)
src-d/engine: README.md

**Note for MaOS:** Docker for Mac [requires file sharing](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/troubleshoot/#volume-mounting-requires-file-sharing-for-any-project-directories-outside-of-users) for any path outside of `/Users`.

> **Note for Windows:** Docker for Windows [requires shared drives](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#shared-drives). Other than that, it's important to use a workdir that doesn't include any sub-directory whose access is not authorized. As an example using `C:\Users` as workdir will most probably not work. For more details see [this issue](https://github.com/src-d/engine/issues/250).

Reviewer: I wonder if this would be more clear
```suggestion
**Note for Windows:** Docker for Windows [requires shared drives](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#shared-drives). Other than that, it's important to use a workdir that doesn't include any sub-directory whose access is not readable by the user running `srcd`. As an example using `C:\Users` as workdir will most probably not work. For more details see [this issue](https://github.com/src-d/engine/issues/250).
```

Author: Yup, IMO your version is more clear! Thanks!
